Update issue templates (#54)
pinecone-io/go-pinecone: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: "[Feature Request]"
labels: 'enhancement'
assignees: ''

---

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**

> A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

Reviewer: I'd change `Ex.` to `E.g.` just b/c it's technically more correct

Reviewer: I'd suggest not framing this in a negative way. Instead of suggesting that the user is starting from a place of frustration with our product, I'd instead suggest something like "I'd love to see `x` capability integrated into Pinecone b/c of `y`"

> A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

Author: ```suggestion
A clear and concise description of why you are requesting this feature. Ex. "Being able to do x would allow me to..." 
```
